[DOCS] Adds Security Update to 8.1.3 release notes (#130615)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Review the following information about the {kib} 8.1.3 release.

[float]
[[security-update-v8.1.3]]
=== Security update

> The 8.1.3 release contains a fix to a potential security vulnerability. For more information, check link:https://discuss.elastic.co/c/announcements/security-announcements/31[Security Announcements].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 8.1.3 release contains a fix to a potential security vulnerability. For more information, check link:https://ela.st/esa-2022-051[Security Announcements].
```
